Fix #11137: Document new option "Rename Item" in layout legend context menu (#11153)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_layout/layout_items/layout_legend.rst

  While the default behavior of the legend item is to mimic the
  :guilabel:`Layers` panel tree, displaying the same groups, layers and classes
  of symbology, right-click any legend item to access its contextual menu. From

>   this menu, you can :guilabel:`Rename Item`, hide a layer's name, or

Reviewer: Revert changes in layout context
```suggestion
  of symbology, right-click any item offers you options to hide layer's name or
```
